# MutaBindM
## About
<font size=4> 
  
Before running MutaBindM.py, you need to create a folder including two input files (see mexample). 
  
</font>

## Two input files in the folder of mexample
<font size=4> 

1. The 3D structure of a protein-protein complex (MUTABINDM.pdb), which can be obtained from the Protein Data Bank (PDB) or created by the user.

2. The file containing mutation information (mexample.input), who's name must be consistent with the input folder name.

- PDBfile: coordinate file of a protein-protein complex;
- Partner1: interaction protein 1, one can assign one chain or multiple chains to either Partner 1 or Partner 2 and different chains are connected by dots "." (for example, ‘E_1.A_1’). If any protein/chain in the structure has one model, they are depicted with the labels of alphanumeric combinations (for example, ‘E_1’). If any protein/chain in the structure generated by applying symmetry operations has several models, they are described as ‘E_1’,  ‘E_2’...;
- Partner2: interaction protein 2;
- MutChain: the protein chain where the mutation occurs.
- Mutation_PDB: mutations, such as V54R, V is a wild-type amino acid, R is a mutant amino acid, and 54 is the position of the amino acid in MutChain;
- Result_Id: a random number defined by the user.
- isPI: for multiple mutation, one can use “isPI” to assign which mutations belong to the same multiple mutation, for instance, M1 indicates multiple mutation Number 1. 

  The columns are separated by tabs.

</font>
